c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InteractionTest.exe.config
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InteractionTest.exe
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InteractionTest.pdb
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InputManager.dll
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\obj\Debug\InteractionTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\obj\Debug\InteractionTest.exe
c:\users\cdemundo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\obj\Debug\InteractionTest.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InteractionTest.exe.config
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\obj\Debug\InteractionTest.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\obj\Debug\InteractionTest.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InteractionTest.exe
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InteractionTest.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\InputManager.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\InteractionTest\InteractionTest\obj\Debug\InteractionTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
